thank you Wow
oh my god ladies and gentlemen welcome
to the series finale of the White House
Correspondents Dinner oh man
my name is Hasan Minhaj arrest I'll be
known in a few weeks
number eight three zero two eight seven
who would have thought with everything
going on in the country right now that a
Muslim would be standing on this stage
for the ninth year in a row baby we had
eight years of Barack what's another
year I see you family see you Barry what
you doing right now you jetski and while
the world burns that's cool that's cool
that's cool for those of you who don't
know me I am a correspondent on The
Daily Show on Comedy Central
now I see some of you whispering to each
other what is Comedy Central um it's
basically an internship for Netflix I'd
like to thank Jeff Mason and the White
House Correspondents Association for
having me I would say it is an honor to
be here but that would be an alternative
fact it is not ah no one wanted to do
this so of course it lands in the hands
of an immigrant it's how it always goes
down no one wanted this gig
no one Don Rickles died just so you
wouldn't ask him to do this gig all
right
all right Peter Don Rickles the only
Donald's with skin thick enough to take
a joke like that
RIPD of the legend I'm sorry I'm sorry
that's my only that's my only only trump
joke I was explicitly told not to go
after the administration I promise you
that's my only Trump show believe me
it is amazing to be surrounded by some
of the greatest journalists in the world
and yet when we all checked into the
Hilton on Friday we all got a USA Today
every every time of USA Today slides
underneath my door it's like they're
saying hey you're not that smart right
USA Today is what happens when the
coupon section takes over the newspaper
is this an article about global warming
or 50 cents off tied either way
the pictures are so pretty tonight is
about defending the First Amendment in
the Free Press and I am truly honored to
be here even though all all of Hollywood
pulled out now that King Joffrey is
president and it feels like the red
wedding in here for the record the WHCA
is a group of journalists who cover the
White House they are not King Joffrey's
goons so I'm so glad you guys are all
here tonight to honor a great American
tradition because we all know this
administration loves deleting history
faster than Anthony Weiner when he hears
footsteps so thank you for being here
okay listen I get it I get it we got to
address the elephant that's not in the
room
the leader of our country is not here
and that's because he lives in Moscow it
is a very long flight it'd be hard for
Vlad to make it glad can't just make it
on a Saturday it's a Saturday as for the
other guy I think is in Pennsylvania
because he can't take a joke now for the
nine people watching on c-span there
also was another elephant in the room
but Donald Trump jr. shot and cut off
its tail you know a lot of people told
me her song if you go after the
administration it would be petty unfair
and childish in other words presidential
so here we go um I get why Donald Trump
didn't want to be roasted tonight by the
looks of him he's been roasting non-stop
for the past 70 years historically the
president usually performs at the
Correspondents Dinner but I think I
speak for all of us when I say he's done
far too much bombing this month now a
lot of people in the media say that
Donald Trump goes golfing too much guys
are always like he goes golfing too much
which raises a very important question
why do you care do you want to do do you
want to know what he's not doing when
he's golfing being president
let the man putt-putt keep him
distracted teach him how to play Batman
tell him he has a great body for
bobsledding play him tic-tac-toe the
longer you keep him distracted the
longer were not at war with North Korea
every time Donald Trump goes golfing the
headlights should read Trump golfing
apocalypse delayed take the W
this is great
I love this even if you guys groan I've
already hired Kellyanne Conway she's
gonna go on TV on Monday and tell
everybody I killed so it really doesn't
matter but I love I love that
everybody's drinking having a good time
this is beautiful
you know Donald Trump doesn't drink
right does not touch alcohol which is
oddly respectable but think about that
that means every statement every
interview every tweet completely sober
how is that possible we've all had that
excuse haven't we be like I said what no
listen babe I swear to you I was
hammered that's not who I really am
what does Donald Trump tell Melania
listen babe last year on that bus with
Billy Bush that's exactly who I am
he tweets at 3:00 a.m. sober
who is tweeting at 3:00 a.m. sober
Donald Trump because it's 10:00 a.m. in
Russia those are business hours you know
now that a professional wrestlers are
president anything is possible you know
that statement anything is possible used
to have a positive connotation anything
is possible now we're all like anything
is possible anything the news come out
of the White House is so stressful I've
been watching house of cards just to
relax which is like a hyung man a
congressman Bush a journalist in front
of a moving train this quaint now it's
not just the president who decided not
to show up his entire administration is
not here Betsy DeVos couldn't be here
she's busy curating her collection of
children's tears now a lot of people
think Betsy DeVos is out of touch with
working-class America but you listen to
me and you listen to me right now okay
every morning Betsy DeVos is up at 5:00
a.m.
putting her children on their flight to
school so don't you tell me she's at a
touch okay
hey has anyone seen Rick Perry since he
became energy secretary I have a feeling
he's sitting in a roomful of plutonium
waiting to become spider-man
that's just my hunch
now a lot of people think Steve Bannon
is the reason Donald Trump dog whistles
to racists and that is just not true a
Steve Bannon is he been in here I do not
see Steve Bannon I do not see Steve pin
not see Steve and not see Steve Bannon
not see Steve Bannon Frederick Douglass
isn't here and that's because he's dead
someone please tell the president Mike
Pence wanted to be here tonight but his
wife wouldn't let him because apparently
one of you ladies is ovulating so good
job ladies because of you we could hang
out with Mike Pence
now Ivanka Trump isn't here either and I
wish she was because issue if she was
here I would ask her the question that
we're all thinking why why do you
support this man cuz I get it we all
love our parents but we wouldn't endorse
them for president like if someone's
like hey a son should your dad be
President of the United States I'd be
like my dad Nadja me Minaj
the guy who tries to return used
underwear to Costco
no Jeff Sessions going to be here
tonight he was busy doing a pre Civil
War reenactment
on his RSVP he just wrote no justno
which happens to be his second favorite
n-word you know even Hillary Clinton
couldn't be here tonight Hillary Clinton
good I mean she could have been here but
I think someone told her that the event
was in Wisconsin in Michigan so what
what you guys you know Nate silver told
me that joke would kill Nate silver told
me there was a seventy four point one
percent chance of that joke killing I
believed you Nate you hear that groan II
can't believe I believed you man okay
enough about how Slytherin we are here
to talk about the truth
it is 2017 and we are living in the
Golden Age of lying now's the time to be
a liar and Donald Trump is liar in chief
and remember you guys our public enemy
number one
you are his biggest enemy journalist
Isis normal like ties and somehow you're
the bad guys that's why you got to keep
your foot on the gas especially with
Sean Spicer who is not here tonight
because I think he's at home googling
how to fake his own death but I love it
when you give it to Sean Spicer Sean
Spicer gives press briefings like
someone is going through his browser
history while he watches just panic like
no wait stop it stop it stop it stop
taking your head stop shaking your head
stop shaking your head we'll talk about
this tomorrow it is the best now you
guys are laughing but realize Sean
Spicer has been doing PR since 1999 he
has been doing his job for 18 years and
somehow after 18 years his go-to move
when you asked of a tough question is
denying the Holocaust that is insane how
many people do you know that can turn a
press briefing into a full-on Mel Gibson
traffic stop
only the spice man
only the spice man you know what's crazy
everyday on the daily show we do these
jokes all the time we're like the
administration lives from flip flops
it doesn't matter his supporters still
trust him it has not stopped his
momentum at all it's almost as if the
daily show should be on c-span it has
left zero impact it was true and I
realized something maybe it's because
we're living in this strange time where
Trust is more important than truth and
supporters of President Trump trust him
and I know journalists you guys are
definitely trying to do good work I just
think that a lot of people don't trust
you right now and can you blame them I
mean unlike Anderson Cooper's bone
structure you guys have been far from
perfect
remember election night I mean that was
your Steve Harvey Miss Universe moment
the look on your face is at 11:00 p.m.
on election night it was like walking
into a Panera Bread and finding out your
sixth grade teacher has a part-time job
there I was like what mr. legend
I guess you don't have all the answers
because it was all fun and games with
Obama right you were covering the adult
who could speak English and now you're
covering president Trump so you've got
to take your game to a whole new level
it's like if a bunch of stripper cops
had to solve a real-life murder Fox News
is here I'm amazed you guys even showed
up how are you here in public it's hard
to trust you guys when you backed a man
like Bill O'Reilly for years but it
finally happened Bill O'Reilly has been
fired but then you gave him a 25 million
dollar severance package making it the
only package he won't force a woman to
touch now in a Reilly's defense he was
told by a close friend when you're a
star they let you do it you can do
anything you guys are having a hard time
with Jesse Watters right now - he's on a
break right now rye he's on a break just
like my childhood dog is staying at a
farm upstate I get it I know that move
now I know some of you wondering us on
how do you know so much about Fox News
well as a Muslim I like to watch Fox
News for the same reason I like to play
call of duty sometimes I like to turn my
brain off and watch strangers insult my
family and heritage
MSNBC is here tonight and I'm glad you
guys are here tonight that way if I'm
bombing Brian Williams will describe it
as stunning because I music it's hard to
trust you guys when you send us so many
mixed messages on one hand you tell us
the prison industrial complex is the
problem and then you air five straight
hours of lockup you can't be mad at
corporations profiting off of minorities
in prison when you're a corporation
profiting off of minorities in prison I
have one quick request MSNBC please tell
Rachel Maddow to chill about Trump
stackert tax returns I don't know what
you think you'll find in there but there
is going to be a line item that just
says bribes from Russia that's not how
it works you're like oh I found the
10/40 USSR it doesn't work like that
you Ward the liberal news outlet like we
dressed the same I look like a melanin
version of Chris Hayes I want to root
for you guys but you're turning into
conspiracy theorists every night you're
like the Russians Act our elections the
Russians hacked our elections meanwhile
everybody in Latin America in the Middle
East is like Oh a foreign government
tambour of your elections what is that
lie do tell MSNBC just pump the brakes
we're only on day a hundred by the end
of the year you guys all gonna have ten
foil hats and jars of urine all over
your desks now I had a lot more MSNBC
jokes but I don't want to just ramble on
otherwise I might get a show on MSNBC
last but not least my favorite
entertainment channel is in the building
tonight CNN is here baby
now you guys got some really weird trust
issues going on with the public I'm not
going to call you fake news but
everything isn't breaking news yeah you
can't go to DEFCON 1 just because Sanjay
Gupta found a new moisturizer every time
a story breaks you guys go to nine
screens nine boxes on the screen I'm
trying to watch the news not pick a
player in Street Fighter it's giving me
anxiety if you have nine experts on a
panel
what is your barrier of entry here to
talk about transportation infrastructure
is my uber driver Geary Geary what do
you got
it just has Geary 4.8 stars he's like I
don't know I got a mint thanks Carrie
let's go to the countdown clock to the
next countdown clock oh you guys do a
Stoke up conflict Don every time I've
watched your show it feels like I'm
watching a reality TV show CNN tonight
should just be called wait a second now
hold on stop yelling at each other with
Don Lemon but you know your news right
come on but every time I watch CNN it
feels like you're assigning me homework
it's Trump a Russian spy I don't know
you tell me tweet us at ac360 no you
tell me I'm watching the news
but it feels like I'm watching CNN watch
the news
please just take an hour figure out what
you want to say then go on be here
but when I turn you guys on it feels
like a little thing just ran into the
room it's trying to tell you a story
it's like there's a wall
breathe take a minute drink some milk
then tell us the story wolf I know I'm
busting balls I don't I don't have a
solution on how to win back trust
I don't but in the age of Trump I know
that you guys have to be more perfect
now more than ever because you are how
the president gets his news
not from advisers not from experts not
from intelligence agencies you guys so
that's why you gotta be on your a-game
you gotta be twice as good you can't
make any mistakes because when one of
you messes up he blames your entire
group and now you know what it feels
like to be a minority
and and I think she's some of you guys
complaining like what I gotta work twice
as hard for half the credit remember
you're a minority you guys got a lot
more experience than me but I got three
decades of being Brown so if you want to
survive the age of Trump you got to
think like a minority and now that
you're minority oh man everyone is going
to expect you to be the mouthpiece for
the entire group so I hate to say it but
somewhere right now all of you being
represented by Geraldo Rivera see now
that you're a truly minority there's a
distorted version of you out there you
know Taco Bell for Mexican culture and
Express for Chinese culture Huffington
Post for journalism
any then when you actually manage to do
great work you get hit with the most
condescending line in the English
language
hey you're actually one of the good ones
then you have to smile and say thank you
kind of sucks doesn't it by the way you
guys aren't really minorities guys are
super white but I guess he's the MSNBC
being like we got our minority card no
uh but your work is invaluable and I
mean that as a fake journalist I am
rooting for you we're a hundred days in
1360 days to go you guys are running the
marathon and I'm at the half-mile mark
giving you tape for your nipples so I'm
wishing you nothing but the best
you chafe man you love chafed it's a
long way to go this this has been one of
the strangest events I have ever done in
my life to be honest with you like I
feel like I'm a tribute in the Hunger
Games
like if this goes poorly Steve Brandon
gets to eat me but I was asked to not
roast the president and administration
in their absentia
and I completely understand that we are
in a very strange situation where there
is a very combative relationship between
the press and the president but now that
you guys are minorities just for this
moment you might understand the position
I was in it and it's the same position a
lot of minority kids feel in this
country and it's you know do I come up
here and just try to fit in and not
ruffle any feathers or do I say how I
really feel because this event is about
celebrating the First Amendment and free
speech free speech is the foundation of
an open and liberal democracy from
college campuses to the White House only
in America can a first-generation Indian
American Muslim kid get on this stage
and make fun of the President
the orange man behind the Muslim ban in
its assigned to the rest of the world
it's this amazing tradition that shows
the entire world that even the president
is not beyond the reach of the First
Amendment but the president didn't show
up because Donald Trump doesn't care
about free speech
the man who tweets everything that
enters his head refuses to acknowledge
the amendment that allows him to do it
think about it it's almost what is at
11:00 it's 11:00 p.m. right now in four
hours Donald Trump will be tweeting
about how bad Nicki Minaj bombed at this
dinner
and he'll be doing it completely sober
and that's his right and I'm proud that
all of us are here tonight to defend
that right even if the man in the White
House never would so I'd like to thank
the White House Correspondents
Association for having me here
I want to thank all of you I want to
thank Woodward and Bernstein for
inspiring a generation of journalists
and I would like to thank Donald Trump
for inspiring the next thank you so much
it's been an honor good night I love you
thank you